---
title: "WandX finish distributing WANDNEO to NEO token holders, currently testing NEO DEX"
date: 2018-11-14
url: https://neonewstoday.com/general/wandx-finish-distributing-wandneo-to-neo-coin-holders-currently-testing-neo-dex/
tags: [Exchanges, General, WANDN]
source: neonewstoday
---

# WandX finish distributing WANDNEO to NEO token holders, currently testing NEO DEX

**Published:** Wed, 14 Nov 2018 14:37:59 +0000
**URL:** https://neonewstoday.com/general/wandx-finish-distributing-wandneo-to-neo-coin-holders-currently-testing-neo-dex/
**Tags:** Exchanges, General, WANDN

---

On November 13th, WandX announced the completion of its WandNEO (WANDN) token distribution. WandX is a decentralized exchange (DEX) currently operating on Ethereum, but is in its TestNet phase for enabling a single desktop app to trade on a DEX on both the Ethereum and NEO Blockchains. WandX was previously covered by NEO News Today. 

Existing WAND token holders received WANDN at a 1:1 ratio. Additionally, if participants signed up for and installed the WandX desktop application, they received an additional 300 WANDN. The desktop application will allow users to create or connect to NEO and Ethereum wallets and trade on a DEX on either blockchain. 

The NEP-5 WANDN token will have a staking feature, which aims to allow participants to gain a percentage of all fees generated by the platform, paid out every two months.

It should be noted that participants are encouraged to verify the receipt of their tokens on NeoTracker.io. Airdropped WANDN tokens won’t be shown on the WandX desktop application, which is currently operating on TestNet.

If users have not received their WANDN tokens, they should email marketing@wandx.co and provide the following information:

- Telegram @handle

- NEO address (if claiming bonus from desktop application registration)

- ETH address (if claiming tokens from the 1:1 airdrop)

At the time of this writing, 910 addresses have been distributed WANDN tokens.

In addition to testing its NEO DEX, WandX is also testing an AION DEX.

More information about WandX can be found in the links below.
                                    

The post WandX finish distributing WANDNEO to NEO token holders, currently testing NEO DEX appeared first on Neo News Today.
