---
title: "Blocklords and CardMaker join Neo Christmas giveaway campaign"
date: 2019-12-22
url: https://neonewstoday.com/general/blocklords-and-cardmaker-join-neo-christmas-giveaway-campaign/
tags: [General, BLOCKLORDS, CardMaker]
source: neonewstoday
---

# Blocklords and CardMaker join Neo Christmas giveaway campaign

**Published:** Sun, 22 Dec 2019 15:50:53 +0000
**URL:** https://neonewstoday.com/general/blocklords-and-cardmaker-join-neo-christmas-giveaway-campaign/
**Tags:** General, BLOCKLORDS, CardMaker

---

Neo recently announced a Christmas campaign offering the community the chance to win limited edition game items in collaboration with ecosystem partners. Following the announcement of 0xWarriors and Blockchain Cuties participation during the week, Neo has also revealed giveaways for the Blocklords and CardMaker games.

To be eligible to win, participants must follow @NEO_Blockchain on Twitter and retweet the appropriate tweets. Winners will be announced on Christmas Eve.

Blocklords

Blocklords, a medieval war strategy game, was introduced to the Neo ecosystem through its participation in the Neo Game Development Competition in October 2018, where it won the Blockchain Award for best blockchain integration with its product design and player experience.

Blocklords allows players to assume the role of medieval lords that fight to control cities, territory, items, and resources in the game world. Gaining martial control over in-game revenue sources such as cities and bazaars grants rulers real-world rights to a portion of the GAS assets generated by the game.

Blocklords is giving away 25 heroes as part of the Christmas giveaway as seen in the tweet below.

 Santa is coming to #Neo!

 Episode 3: Celebrating with @blocklords.

Follow us and RT to get free heroes in @blocklords! 

All winners to be picked on X’mas Eve and stay tuned for more… #NeoXmas pic.twitter.com/pCExK1fKJY

— Neo Smart Economy (@Neo_Blockchain) December 21, 2019

 

CardMaker

CardMaker, a blockchain-based User-Generated Content (UGC) game, won the Best Game Award and the Most Popular Award at the Neo Game Development Competition in October 2018.

CardMaker focuses on content design, battles, and trading. Players can create their own characters, cards, and levels in the game, and trade them to gain the upper hand in battles and achieve their goals in the game.

CardMaker is contributing 10 Neo Gurdian cards to the Christmas campaign as seen in the tweet below.

 Santa is coming to #Neo!

 Final Episode: How about some magic from @cardmakerio?

Follow us and RT to get Neo Gurdian Cards in the world of @cardmakerio!

All winners to be picked on X’mas Eve and wish everyone a joyful #NeoXmas! pic.twitter.com/GXC9mTiiv1

— Neo Smart Economy (@Neo_Blockchain) December 22, 2019

                                    

The post Blocklords and CardMaker join Neo Christmas giveaway campaign appeared first on Neo News Today.
