---
title: "Humswap completes airdrop of Ant and Ant Perpetuity NFTs"
date: 2022-02-01
url: https://neonewstoday.com/general/humswap-completes-airdrop-of-ant-and-ant-perpetuity-nfts/
tags: [Airdrop, General, NFT, ANC, ANS, BOWL, GAS, NEO, Neoverse]
source: neonewstoday
---

# Humswap completes airdrop of Ant and Ant Perpetuity NFTs

**Published:** Tue, 01 Feb 2022 19:17:50 +0000
**URL:** https://neonewstoday.com/general/humswap-completes-airdrop-of-ant-and-ant-perpetuity-nfts/
**Tags:** Airdrop, General, NFT, ANC, ANS, BOWL, GAS, NEO, Neoverse

---

Humswap concluded the airdrop of 2,569 Ant NFTs to 374 wallets. In addition to each Ant NFT (ANS), a corresponding Ant Perpetuity NFT (ANC) was also minted and distributed. ANC NFTs grant the owners portions of all future sales of its linked Ant NFT.

To qualify for the ANS and ANC airdrop, the wallet needed to hold at least one Humswap BOWL and one Neoverse series N-, E-, or O-series NFT at the time of the snapshot. The snapshot for the airdrop was taken at 3:00 a.m. (UTC) on Saturday, Dec. 11, 2021.

Ant NFTs

The Ant NFTs were designed to pay homage to Neo’s history and feature the token symbol ANS as a throwback to Neo’s original Antshares name and token. They’re algorithmically generated Ant-based art that are only obtainable as part of the airdrop and subsequent secondary market sales.

Source: GhostMarket

Ant Perpetuity NFTs

In addition to each Ant NFT, a corresponding Ant Perpetuity NFT was also minted and distributed. These tokens grant owners 1.5% of all future sales of its linked Ant NFT. These tokens will have the ticker symbol ANC as a reference to GAS’s symbol under Antshares. If the owner chooses to sell their ANC token, the new owner will be entitled to future royalties generated by the linked Ant NFT.

Source: GhostMarket

No new Ant or Ant Perpetuity NFTs will be minted from this point forward.

Ants Tracker

The Mercurial App’s Ants Tracker offers a way to search through the fixed supply of Ants NFTs by traits, rarity, or token ID number.

Source: Mercurial Apps

The tiering of rarity points was implemented by Mercurii, Mercurial App’s developer, as a method to differentiate Ant NFTs.

To explore Ants NFTs visit Mercurial Apps at the link found below:

https://humswap.mercurialapps.com/ants

The post Humswap completes airdrop of Ant and Ant Perpetuity NFTs appeared first on Neo News Today.